
Balance prices, ore yeilds, ore sale value, enemy spawns, day lengths and damage for and from player

add logic to change length of days based on certain factors such as money earned, upgrades purchased, days survived ect.

default make the first day 90 seconds and then subsequent days can be shorter or longer depending on various factors. test first day 90, second day 30

make essential upgrades apear first in upgrade selection, turrets, walls, health packs

fix not being able to place tile on valid empty space with items on it. or make conveyors not move items onto empty spaces 

add section of tutorial for land expansion, as well as explaination of ore value.

add section of tutorial for purchasing ammo and purchasing and using health packs. make it trigger when ammo reserve is low for the ammo tutorial and when health is low for the health packs

need reason to progress, something to work towards /  a driving force and motivation for your actions

add difficulty settings 

fix objectives not being large enough / just being copypastes of the existing tutorial, make objectives quick a 1-3 word synopsis of the task

add achievements 

lower curve to enemy spawn rates in begining, more time between rounds.

Unique play styles you want to play like a full rogue like, buy weapon and player upgrades and scale into the amount of money earned by killing and looting. you play it like a factory sim where you defend your outpost and maxamize your profit expanding outward and growing your opperation, or any mix of the two.

add enemy outposts, toy around with raids not starting until you attack them or wait long enough

make objective text scale to console window when store open 

make all text larger and ignore blur


better ui contrast, color choices and general style unification.

do minecraft hotbar scroll to view name of item

better shooting tutorial/ introduction 

enemy wandering and differentiation between raiders and spawned enemies in structures

remove starting items logic in favour of better tutorial logic

add ui to sell other resources in the dct manually 

remove starting weapon from player, and ensure weapon script will not do anything without the weapon stats reference and won't break without one either.

Make starting store menu contain only weapons, ammo and health and then remove all weapons after player has chosen weapon and revert store to previous default state

Fix order of operations for tutorial, land, walk next to and press E to open DCT, objective find and mine coal hover with mouse and press e to mine, 
walk right near the DCT, press e to open ui and input coal into dct,
Now that the dct can run mine any other resource and input into machine to sell it, 
do this until you make 50 dollars then walk away and open store menu
purchase your first weapon, the others will then lock and removed from the store until unlocked.
Then navigate the menu and purchase ammo as well as health packs.
find and destroy an enemy outpost, destroy all buildings to progress.
Now open store menu and purchase a miner and 10 conveyors
Select the miner with your scroll or the number keys, rotate to face the output towards the IDT and place on ore node.
Place conveyors connecting the miner to the IDT and start earning automatically.
Earn and expand until night and then Finally prepare to defend against your first raid.




Fully implement finite resources: remove resource nodes when depleted, make the jade/hud ui correctly display the current value of the ore left


Refactor the tutorial into a story with an Ai like cortana breifs you on your mission and teaches you when you get stuck
Add a section of the tutorial dictating You send the items back home through interdimensional transport which you can only have 1 of as they are so expensive to produce, 
if you die or your interdimensional transport is broken then you lose. 

ground the ui and design for this change and deprecate the seller, use its logic but make it no longer purchasable or an upgrade and start the player with one and only 1.

Now items are sent home and you are payed by the company per resource and are given a chart of estimated resource value.

look at mindustery 


BAD: 

I will optimize the collision check in CartelMember.cs to query only the grid cells the enemy overlaps rather than iterating through all buildings in the scene.